[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Upon returning to Earth,
Goku learned some
astonishing information
from a mysterious youth.
The stranger warned
of a coming attack
three years in the future,
and then he was gone.
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Goku's New Move,
Instant Transmission!
The Three-Year
Training Session Begins!"
Tell me something, Kakarot...
How did you manage to survive
the explosion on Planet Namek?
Yeah, now that you mention it...
Frieza's spaceship was too
damaged to fly, right...?
I mean, King Kai said
that was the only way
you could make
it off the planet.
Yeah, it was a close one...
Really... close.
[explosions]
[GOKU] I thought I'd
missed my only chance
to make it home.
[explosion]
C'mon...! Work...! Work!
[GOKU] Lucky for me...
I managed to find some
of those round space
pods things close by.
[VEGETA]
Of course...!
The five Ginyu Force ships--
I'd forgotten that
they were still there!
Anyway... I jumped into one...
Then I just started mashing
every button I could see.
[rumbling]
[explosion]
[crash]
[louder crash]
Look at that.
A welcoming party...
Well, it isn't Earth
but it sure could have
been a whole lot worse.
[VEGETA] The Ginyu Force
must have been planning
to attack Yardrat.
That would make sense...
That's why their spaceships
were programmed to fly there...
Of course, it still doesn't
explain that absurd outfit.
[GOKU]
Right...
My clothes were all ripped up,
so the Yardratians
gave me these.
They're actually pretty friendly
once you get to know them...
Just not the most stylish...
Don't hold out on me...!
What did you learn from them...?
You were among them
for all that time...
They're weak people that
rely on strange techniques.
Did they share them with you?
They sure did!
I get it...!
You were training...!
So that's why you
didn't come home earlier!
Awesome...!
Show us a move...!
I want to see!
I didn't have much time...
and it was really
tough to learn...
but I finally got it down...
I learned one
Yardratian technique.
In just three years...
I perfected
Instant Transmission.
[ALL]
You... learned what?
That's amazing...!
Can you demonstrate it?
Demonstrate...? Yeah, sure.
For this move...
you focus... hard...
but not on a
place--on a person...
Then you lock on
to their energy...
After that...
you immediately go
to wherever they are.
Now... where do I want
to I travel first...?
I know...
Three... two... one, Bye!
He's gone!
[GOKU]
I'm back!
Nice...
You've perfected
a parlor trick...
Just high-speed
smoke and mirrors.
Oh yeah...? Recognize these?
They... look like...
Master Roshi's glasses!
They can't be!
But... Roshi's place must be
nearly seven
thousand miles away...
maybe more...!
And round trip--
I know, isn't it awesome?
[GOKU] Krillin... Give these
back to him for me, 'kay?
[KRILLIN]
Sure. You got it.
Wow, there really is
nothing you can't do, huh?
Right... So...
Let's meet at the
site of the attack
three years from now...
Just say where... And
did he mention a date?
Yeah, he did... but...
I might have sort of forgot.
May the twelfth...
at ten o'clock in the morning...
on an island nine
miles off of South City.
But I think we should
all plan to arrive
no later than nine a.m.
in case the young
man's information
isn't one-hundred
percent accurate.
[GOKU]
Yea, what he said!
Great... Thanks...
I'm glad one of us
was listening, Goku!
I will say this--the faint
of heart should stay back...
If these enemies
are half as fearsome
as they were described...
every move we make
will be critical.
We can't have anyone
slowing us down.
So... stay home... ya.
Yeah. Heh heh heh...
Don't make me laugh...
If anyone should
stay home, it's you.
You're a liability.
Then try me and
see how you fare!
Whoa, guys... relax!
Hey, so, guys...
I've got an idea that
just might work...
Okay. If we could just
find this Dr. Gero guy...
Maybe we can stop him.
We don't even have to
find him ourselves...
Think about it...!
We could use the Dragon Balls...
I'll bet Shenron
knows where he is...
After that we just
show up on his doorstep
and make him stop.
Problem solved.
Hey, yeah...!
We won't have to fight
at all if we do that!
The future Earth will be safe!
Great idea, Bulma! Way to go!
If any of you so much
as think of doing that...
you will pay dearly
for it! Got that?
Have you lost
your tiny mind...?
This isn't a game,
you know that...?
If lose, we lose everything!
Goku, please tell
me you're on my side!
[whimpers]
Well, I actually kind
of want to fight them too
to tell you the truth.
And besides that...
The guy hasn't
invented anything yet,
so there is no
reason to hurt him,
that's a little drastic, right?
[BULMA]
Don't listen to them!
They're Saiyans!
They can't help being
muscleheaded freaks!
We can stop this
before it happens!
These guys are too strong!
You won't be able to stop them!
That may be true...
but I have to know
what I'm capable of.
So... Whatever it
costs me... I will fight.
Oh, good grief.
Hey... Bulma... Look...
I've been doing some thinking...
We're all friends... but...
it hasn't always been
like that, remember...?
I mean, I used to hate Goku!
[nervous laughter]
Eh heh heh heh...
But not anymore...
Whenever we faced an enemy
we put all that behind us...
We had to...
And before we knew
it, we were friends.
Ordinarily,
this group would
never train together...
And let's face it,
some of these guys can be
pretty nasty on their own.
What are you trying to say?
I'm saying we wouldn't
be friends right now
without a common enemy.
Piccolo might be okay...
but who knows what
Vegeta's going to try
once he thinks he
can get away with it.
Nice speech... Well...
it was right up until
the very end there.
Come on...
I was just telling the
truth, and you know it.
Fine, I get it...
Do what you want,
you savages...
You're such a pain,
you know that...?
I don't know how a civilized
person like me got mixed up
with a bunch of brutes
like you in the first place.
Great! It's settled, then...
Let's bring peace
to the future!
[ALL]
Yeah!
For the record,
I'm against this and
you sound like a maniac.
I'm not kidding--totally
certifiable!
But I'm stuck with you...
so... for now...
I'll stay.
Good... So in three
years-- We'll meet
on May twelfth at nine
a.m. where Piccolo said.
Unless you're scared
or you think you'll
slow us down...
In that case... stay home.
[VEGETA]
Kakarot...!
Don't get overconfident just
because you can transform
into a Super Saiyan now...
And don't think I've forgotten
about my promise to defeat you.
It's only been postponed.
Oh, yes... Someday...
I'll prove I'm the strongest
Saiyan in the universe!
Fine.
[growls]
Grrrrrr!
We'll be leaving, too...
So... 'til we meet again.
Bye, everybody!
I wonder how strong
those two will be by then.
Yeah, I know what you mean...
I bet Tien comes up
with some new moves!
Piccolo... Train with us...
Please...? Me and Gohan...?
It'd help a lot to
have a sparring partner.
Yea, makes sense, let's do it.
Yeah...! Fun!
[GOKU]
Krillin, Yamcha...
Do you guys want to come, too?
I think I'll pass...
I'll head to Master Roshi's...
train with him.
Thanks for the offer... but...
I'd be lying if I said
I thought I could keep up
with your level
of training, Goku.
I understand.
Uh... Oh, hey...
Take care of that
baby, okay Bulma?
Huh?
Baby? But...
Why didn't you tell any
of us you're pregnant?
'Cause I'm not...!
All that space travel must
be messing with his head.
I think I know what
Goku was getting at.
Don't you think
it's about time...
we settled down...
and started a family...?
I do.
[laughs]
Hahahahahaha!
If Goku thinks we
should get married,
then why fight it?
[laughs]
Hahahahahaha!
[NARRATOR]
And so each warrior sets off
to begin their own
harsh training regimen,
preparing to face an unknown,
yet already feared enemy.
I'm... back...!
You miss me?
Krillin, thank
goodness you're here!
Goku's ghost just appeared out
of nowhere and
he stole my--uh.
Those wouldn't happen
to be my glasses,
would they?
Maybe... Master Roshi...
I want to train-- Hey!
[MUTEN ROSHI] I can
finally enjoy this in peace.
Uh... Hey...
Did you hear me...?
I was kind of hoping
we could train again...
Master Roshi! Hello!
Those aren't even real!
You want me to build
a 300 G training room?
[VEGETA] That's right...
I've heard the stories...
Kakarot trained in 100 times
gravity on his way to Namek...
I'm capable of three times that!
Vegeta... You can't
be serious...!
What do you weigh now,
a hundred and
thirty five pounds?
You'd weigh twenty
tons in 300 G...!
Sorry... I can't help.
You fool...! You'll
build whatever I tell you!
[CHICHI]
You've got to be kidding me!
You think I'll
stand for this...?
Well, you're wrong...!
I will not let you interfere
with my baby's education!
Am I the only
one who's concerned
about preparing our
son for the future...?
Why do you
think I bought him
a sleep-study bed
and those videos?
And now you have
the gall to tell me
that you want to take him
away to train again...?
You must be out of your mind!
As for you and Piccolo,
I could care less.
I told you...
If we want to
beat these androids,
we're going to
need Gohan's help.
I know education is important...
I do, but three years from now
the whole planet will
be in real trouble!
Really!
Don't talk to me
about education
when you haven't had one job
or made one penny the whole
time we've been married!
I just feel like I've been
raising our son all by myself!
Yeah, I guess if
you put it like that,
it really does sound kind
of bad, doesn't it...?
But he's ready to fight.
Ask him yourself.
I don't have to ask him...!
I'm his mother...
and I say no way!
So... are you saying
you think Gohan's grades
are more important than the
future of the entire Earth?
Are you saying that
they're not...?!
My job is to take care of Gohan,
not the whole planet!
I won't let him grow up
to be a karate bum
like his father!
You're such a kidder, Chichi!
It would seem that
even Super Saiyans
have their weaknesses.
[NARRATOR]
All across the world,
our heroes' intensive
training has begun!
Hyaaa!! Yayayaya!!!
[screams]
Ahhh!!
[explosions]
I think you've
got it... really.
[crash]
Alright, son. Here goes.
Hyaaaaaaah!!
[PICCOLO]
Not good enough!
[GOHAN]
Ahhhh!
[cracking]
[GOHAN]
Ahhhhhh!!!
[crashes]
Well... I suppose we
ought to call it a day.
Yeah.
[GOHAN] No... I don't
want to stop yet...
Let's keep going for
just a little bit longer.
I'm... not...
strong enough... yet.
I have to keep on training...
'til I'm just
as strong as you.
That's the spirit, Yamcha!
Give it all you've got!
[YAMCHA]
I don't get it...
How can Vegeta instantly
start training in 300 Gs?
[growls]
Urrrrrg! Ah!!
[groans]
Uh... Uff... Oh...
[pants]
I... I will conquer this.
I must become a Super
Saiyan... and beyond!
[growls]
Hurrrrrrg! Urrrrg!
[yells]
Haaaaaahh!!!!
[explosion]
It was only a matter of time...
It's reckless to train
that hard for that long!
Are you in there?
[BULMA shrieks]
Ahhh!
You made it!
[VEGETA]
Of course I did
That was so... stupid...!
Do you even realize
how close you came
to blowing up my home?!
Vegeta!
Mind... your own...
business...
I... must keep training!
You can cut the
macho act, okay...?
You won't be doing much
training in your condition.
These injuries are nothing...
Nothing, you hear me...?
I'm Prince Vegeta,
most powerful Saiyan
in the universe...
and I will surpass even
Kakarot's power level!
I know you will...
but you're not going anywhere
until I say you're
healthy enough...
not a second before!
What...? Who are you
to order me around?
Vegeta!
[BRIEFS]
It's a miracle he walked away
from an explosion
of that magnitude
with such minor injuries...
I've never seen anything
like the resilience
these Saiyans display.
[BULMA'S MOM]
Oh, poor, poor Vegeta!
[BRIEFS] Come, let's leave
them alone for a while.
[BULMA'S MOM]
Okay.
[VEGETA]
Kakarot!
I... I will surpass you...
and when I do... you're mine!
[VEGETA]
Oh! Uh... Ha...!
[growls]
Arrrghh!
But why...?
Why have I not yet
become a Super Saiyan...?
[screams]
Tell me!
Hey, Krillin!
Come check these out!
These things are incredible!
Not now!
[MUTEN ROSHI]
Aw, come on! Take a break!
You don't know
what you're missing!
Masenko... Ha!
[growls]
Erggggarrrrrr!
Found you!
What's the matter, son...?
Why're you moving so slow?
Hey...
Maybe I should take
some karate at the Y?
Yeah!
[NARRATOR] And so, in what
seemed like no time at all,
three years came and went.
[CHICHI]
Please, please, please!
Just promise me
you'll be careful!
And you're sure you don't
want the lunches I packed up?
Yeah. But we
appreciate the thought.
Yeah... Thanks...
Okay... Let's go!
[TRUNKS] The Androids
have turned the future
I come from into a
living nightmare...
They've already won...!
The androids are
just too powerful!
[NARRATOR]
The fate of the world rests
on the shoulders of
Goku and his friends.
Will all their training
be enough to save Earth?
Find out...
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku! This is it.
The day we've been waiting for.
[PICCOLO] Look, Goku! Up
there--did you see that?
I've got a bad
feeling about this.
[GOKU] Right! Let's
split up and look for them.
It's tough to find an enemy
that doesn't have
a power level!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[PICCOLO]
You must be the Androids.
It's good to finally
see your faces.